two young men one rich one middle class
who are in love with the same woman
become fighter pilots in World War one
in 1927 silent war film wings
there's quite a few unique nas's two
wings other than the fact that it's just
a great movie it's a war movie which is
not necessarily Denis just about it but
it's one of the first war movies that
the main characters are aviators and
there's a lot of scenes that are filmed
in the air or you know giving the
impression of such so it really tackles
you know what what it's like to become a
fighter pilot in those in in war i guess
or just in general because they just
didn't didn't really have the technology
to kind of do it that way it's a silent
movie that was made even after the
introduction of sound but barely so so
they were still doing sat movies back
then and it is the screen debut or at
least the first notable presence of a
young Gary Cooper who actually shows a
brief but very stoic performance and I
think that's kind of like sets the
ground for what was to become the great
movie star that is Gary Cooper although
like i said it's very brief performance
it's just it's really amazing the kind
of caliber actor that guy Cooper is that
he just stands out in a very short
amount of time but perhaps the greatest
uniqueness of this movie is the fact
that it is the first movie to win the
Best Picture Academy Award and it is the
only movie only sound movie to win
Academy Awards so you know there's a few
first for that but without you know
glorifying the achievements and not
talking about the the caliber of movie
that it is I think if people washed it
now having seen a lot of war movies
they'd look back and say oh well that's
you know that's conventional the Sony
movies that are like that but I think it
really set the stage of that kind of of
war movie where they add personal drama
to a soldier's life to kind of make it
more relatable and put it more towards
the perspective of the viewer it's very
suspenseful and suspense is kind of a
tough thing to pull off in a silent film
when people talk about silent movies
they think that it's young completely
silent but that's not true all of the
movies all the big-budget silent movies
had a score that accompanied too and
it's usually you know a good score that
is a part of the storytelling process
and I think just in general for an
audience who's generally interested in
film you should be giving sonic movies a
chance and I'll be the first to say that
I wasn't always one who was like that I
kind of had to fall in love with Chaplin
first and then you know from there you
just gotta give these ah moves a chain
sometimes it gets a little tough because
the filming gets a little dicey in terms
of you know it's old and it kind of gets
scratched up I even I even bought wings
on on blu-ray so like that good just
goes to show you you know like you know
it really enhances it you know
especially with film technology and
remastering and everything like that
give it a chance because now you have
the the a better viewing experience of
it when they remaster these things so
let me know what you thought of wings if
you are a moviegoer who is relatively
new at old cinema particularly sound
films let me know how you took the film
in and that's pretty much it
Oh